fix(server/pypika): Add double quotes around step name in WITH...AS statement for Snowflake (#1582)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog (weaverbird python package)

> - Pypika: Snowflake translator custom queryBuilder add's double quote's to with statement's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pypika: Snowflake translator custom queryBuilder adds double quotes to `WITH` statements
```

# Changelog (weaverbird python package)

> ## [0.26.2]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Will make backport easier
